Content for modprobe added to MI300X system optimization (#4434)
RadeonOpenCompute/ROCm: docs/how-to/system-optimization/mi300x.rst

Reviewer: It should be "blacklist/blacklisted" and not "blocklist/blocklisted". Also "Modprobe" should not be capitalized

   intel_iommu=on iommu=pt

``modprobe.blacklist=amdgpu``

>   For some system configurations, the ``amdgpu`` driver needs to be blacklisted to avoid an issue where after boot, the GPUs are not listed when running the command ``rocm-smi`` or ``amd-smi``.

Reviewer 2: Don't use the verb "blacklisted"
For more info see:
https://developers.google.com/style/inclusive-documentation
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/b/blacklist

Reviewer 3: blacklist is the syntax name. It is the term required. There is no alternative.

Until linux syntax is changed, this is the required terminology.

Reviewer: I guess the alternative is "amdgpu driver needs to be blocked during kernel initialization to avoid an issue where the GPUs are not listed..." or something like that. But we can't remove it from "module.blacklist=amdgpu" for obvious reasons

  Alternatively, configuring the AMD recommended system optimized BIOS settings might remove

>   the need for using this blacklist setting. Some manufacturers and users might not implement the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  the need for using this setting. Some manufacturers and users might not implement the
```

>   Alternatively, configuring the AMD recommended system optimized BIOS settings may remove
>   the need for using this blocklist. However, in general manufacturers and users may not implement the
>   recommended settings.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  Alternatively, configuring the AMD recommended system optimized BIOS settings might remove
  the need for using this blocklist. Some manufacturers and users might not implement the
  recommended settings.
```
@lpaoletti would say 'might' instead of 'may'.

Reviewer 3: Wording change does not change key technical benefits of change. Looks good.

> If you experience the mentioned issue, then add this to ``GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX``:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
If you experience the mentioned issue, then add this to the ``GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX`` variable in your GRUB configuration:
```
Link to GRUB docs https://rocm.docs.amd.com/en/latest/how-to/system-optimization/mi300x.html#grub-settings (mi300x)

.. code-block:: text

>   Modprobe.blacklist=amdgpu

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
  modprobe.blacklist=amdgpu
```
lowercase?

>   modprobe.blacklist=amdgpu

Reviewer 2: Please talk to the development team. We should be avoiding the term "blacklist"
Can this setting be changed?
https://developers.google.com/style/inclusive-documentation

Reviewer 3: blacklist is the syntax name.  It is the term required.  There is no alternative.
